Wedding Planner
Marriage is like watching the colours of the leaves in the fall; ever-changing and more stunningly beautiful with each passing moment. 
Make a one in Lifetime moment to be unforgettable with CREATIVE BEAST and get an experience for your loved one to remember. We provide 
all the service for your marriage to be successful and memorable.

Birthday Planner
Someone once said, "the more you praise and celebrate the life, the more there is in life to celebrate." Birthday are one in a year to 
explore the emotion of your life with your family, friends and loved once. Make your special event to be an unforgettable occasion with 
CREATIVE BEAST and get an experience for your loved one to remember all life. We provide all the service for your Birthday to be striking 
memorable and enjoyable.

Anniversary Planner
Remembering the yesterday, plan your tomorrow and celebrate your present with your anniversary with excellence. Make this remarkable occasion 
to be unforgettable with CREATIVE BEAST and get an experience for your loved one to remember all their life in future. We provide all the 
service for your anniversary to be successful and memorable.

Music Concert
Music washes away dust from the soul of everyday life. A beautiful song full of intoxicating music with friends in the middle of the crowd 
lost in music can be a great way to get rest from your everyday busy life. Make your music concert to be unforgettable with CREATIVE BEAST 
and get an experience for friends, colleagues and loved once to remember. We provide all the service for Music Concert to be successful and memorable.

College Event
The most successful event is the one that archives your goals and exceeds your expectation. Make your college event an unforgettable 
experience by CREATIVE BEAST and get an adventure to remember all future. We provide all the service for any occasion such as music concerts, 
cultural show, modelling show etc. to be successful and memorable.

Modelling Show
Style is the way to say who you are without even need to speak. Make modelling and fashion events to be an unforgettable thrilling occasion 
where you can highlight talent on a competitive platform with CREATIVE BEAST and get an experience to remember all future with your friends, 
colleagues etc. We provide all the services for Modelling show to be successful and memorable for you.

Cultural Show
the greatness of a culture can be found in its festival and events where people celebrate every moment in fullest. Make every Cultural show to 
filled by unforgettable experience with CREATIVE BEAST and get an adventure for your loved one to remember all their future with sweet, lovable 
memories. We provide all the service for organizing Culture shows to be successful and memorable for you.

EDM Night
A Night to remember all life and wish that it never come to an end. Any EDM NIGHT event to enjoy the pleasure of music with your friends, 
colleagues and loved once with the passionate crowd about the thrill of EDM show. You may want to lose control of your body and soul to follow 
the rhythm of the music. Get an unforgettable Lifetime experience with CREATIVE BEAST for your loved one to remember all coming future. We provide 
all the service for EDM Night to be successful and memorable.

Celebrity Management
Presence of a celebrity adds a unique spark to the event. Excellent and comfortable Celebrity management is a desired thing on every occasion. 
Now get an experience filled with satisfying management by CREATIVE BEAST and get a remarkable adventure with our work. We provide all the service 
for every celebrity management events to be successful and memorable for a lifetime.                                                          



