Creative Beast- While implementing your Creative thoughts into reality to help society with a Beast like will, passion, power, and dedication. 
With thinking as "Give them quality. That is the best kind of advertising," CREATIVE BEAST always strives to give the best of its work.

About us:-
Creative Beast is one of the leading and fast-growing student organization of Lovely Professional University. It works as Event manager across 
the whole LPU Campus. Going back to January 10 in 2018, Creative Beast founded by two creativity loving students Sumeet Kumar and Prem Kumar, 
while studying Bachelor of Commerce at LPU. With the team of more than 150 members, which can count as a single unit because of its no hierarchy 
system where everyone is equal to others. All members work as if they own this organization, take the lead, and work hard to achieve their goals. 
It is now registered as Creative Beast Event Management Services Private Limited Company on December 5, 2019. It works as an event management 
company not only limited to the LPU campus but also in the whole Punjab State.

Creative means art of bringing "imagination into reality," implementing your thoughts into action, and Beast implies doing anything with Beast 
like a will, passion, dedication, and power. That's how the tag line of Creative Beast came up, "UNLEASH YOUR BEAST."

Creative Beast will make you feel amazed by the list of cultural, social, and Technical events which has a variety of motivation purpose behind 
each event hosted after the foundation of the organization. It has hosted many national and international events such as Ludo King, Hunar, 
Ignite1.0, Steward Night, Inferno, and many more. It also made way to Guinness Book of world record and authenticated its name by accomplishing a 
mega-event hosting of Longest salad Bar at LPU campus. 

Conclusion
Passion wouldn't allow you to sleep until you convert dreams into reality.
There is no need to wait for the opportunity to come when you can create one. Creative Beast is well known as the Creative Beast Event Management 
Company, which is always ready to assist you fullest of our ability. To be successful doing something out of the box while dreaming big Creative 
Beast always strives to give its best to every event, whether it is small or big.

