United Nations world 2019.

1 November 2019 to 9 November 2019

"United Nations world 2019",an international Modelling show where beauty Queens from 30 Different countries participated for the crown by 
showcasing their ultimate skills in walk and talk, proving to be the truly deserving Beauty with brains. Winners of this international events 
was recognised by United Nation Pageants, the modelling arena. This event was witnessed with many great personalities like African Ambassador, 
Director of United Nation Peagents, Head of the modelling show from USA, and three beautiful Queen who also judged the event. What could one ask 
for, than having an amazing and glamourous evening. 

/*------------------------------------------------------*/

Amit Bhadana in Fanfest 2.0

12 October 2019

Huge audience at LPU enthralled by the YouTube sensation Amit Bhadana at Fanfest 2.0 in Lovely professional university. Many other renowned YouTube 
artists like Harsh Beniwal, Harshdeep Ahuja, real_shit vines and round_to_hell also took over the stage and cheered the audience with their wonderful 
comedy.

/*------------------------------------------------------------*/

INFERNO

14 February 2019

Music washes away dust from the soul of everyday life. A night full of intoxicating music with friends in the middle of the crowd lost in 
music can be a great way to get rest from your everyday busy life.

Student organization Creative Beast in collaboration with Dragcon presented a state level event “Inferno” that was a collab of three different 
events. Starting of the event was the Night that might be remembered whole life and people wished that night should never end. It was an EDM 
night event where persons enjoyed the pleasure of music with their friends, colleagues and loved ones. 

This rocking EDM night event was followed by E-gaming event and Singing and Rapping competition. Our chief guest was the winner of TV Reality 
show “Dil hai Hindustani  2”, Mr. Akshay Dhawan who is well known for his fantastic rapping talent. He joined us at the EDM night at Lovely 
professional University. He also shared his experience and role model with the students and about the hard work, that always pays off. 

It became the biggest event of that time as the event was witnessed by 5k+ crowd and 1500+ participants. It is one of those mega events 
organized by Creative Beast.


/*-----------------------------------------------------------*/

DOORBEEN

26 September 2019

Movies are something that everyone loves to watch. Everyone appreciates the story that has different kinds like comedy, romance, horror, 
drama and many more but one thing that movies bring to us is happiness in our day to day busy life. It is always a pleasure to watch our 
favourite celebrities on screen and see their chemistry with others.

Student organization Creative Beast organized a mega live performance of well-known Punjabi singer and actor Ninja along with the star 
cast of their movie “DOORBEEN”. They further entertained students and staff at the Baldev Raj Mittal Unipolis with their excellent performances.

Creative beast gave their unique event management services for the event evening where everyone enjoyed the performance of Ninja and 
experienced the inside story of DOORBEEN at a close level by its cast.


/*------------------------------------------------------------------*/

BINGO COMEDY ADDA

26 April 2019

Comedy is a serious business. A serious business with only one purpose- to make people laugh. The art of making people happy and be happy 
with it is the most significant sacred work in humanity. 

Student organization Creative Beast organized a stand-up comedy show “BINGO COMEDY ADDA” by the famous artist Manpreet Singh known as 
“THECOMICSINGH” to make you all laugh till you roll on the floor with his skills on the comical view of things. 

We all are busy with the high-speed life that never waits for anyone. Laughter is and will always be the best form of therapy. Some moment 
of hearty laugh can help the body to ease physical tension and stress while improving your resistance to disease. 

Creative Beast provided the stage where everyone enjoyed this stand-up comedy show from an excellent artist and made their day marvellous 
with laughter.


/*----------------------------------------------------------------*/

Let's Nacho

12 April 2019

Someone once said " Everyone can Dance, It is the drive and passion for it that makes us dancers”. We all dance for laughter, tears, madness, 
fears, hopes, screams, and create dreams to live. Be it a festival, concert, EDM night or any moment of joy and sadness; we all never need a 
reason to dance when the music gets to our ears.

Student organization Creative Beast and Sankalp Enviro organized a spectacular Dance Reality show “Let’s nacho” to showcase talents of genius 
minds on a competitive Platform where Participants got the chance to be live on television by Punjab plus Channel. This event was Mega event 
where thousands of people joined and witnessed this amazing event with great enthusiasm. We invited Mr. Chetan Salunke , winner of dancing 
Reality Show Dance+4.Our chief guest Mr. Chetan Salunke was the judge on the grand finale of this marvellous dancing competition .Also in the 
grand Finale there were two more special guest that joined us and they were Bollywood superstar Varun Dhawan and beautiful actress Alia Bhatt 
for the promotion of their film “Kalank.” They gave amazing dance performance and also danced with the participants to encouraged them.

Dance is the magical hidden language of the soul in the body which we can use to express our feelings. Creative Beast and Sankalp Enviro 
provided each one of us with the platform to showcase our dance talent on a State-Level Dance Reality Show. We always believe that a small 
push can be the key to success for the right one if he has the passion and determination in his work with all heart.


/*---------------------------------------------------------------*/

HUNAR RELOADED

3 September 2019 to 15 October 2019

In the line of giving more quality work and platform to talented minds than previous one, the student organization Creative Beast presented 
another series of Hunar Reloaded on 15 October 2019.Hunar Reloaded was the next series of Hunar that was previously organized in the Year 2018.  
We all know that talent is never bounded to any age, variety, culture, gender, social status, or any other limits.

Hunar Reloaded was a National Level event where we provided platform for everyone to showcase their skills and grow with it on a competitive 
frame. Hunar Reloaded gave participants one single stage to highlight their different talents like singing & rapping, dancing, modeling, poetry, 
song &story writing, skit, beatboxing, drama, photography, painting and many more different talents at National level. We invited the winner of 
singing reality show "THE VOICE", Mr. Sumit Saini as our special guest to give a motivational performance on the event to build the confidence 
of participants and be the judge for this competition.

We not only provided opportunity to the talented minds to showcase their talent but also joined this event with another event “Paryaas” to serve 
orphanage kids with one day full of fun and joy at Lovely Professional University, additionally we let them witness grand finale of this amazing 
show and enjoy the moment and provided them with various gifts and good quality food that made smile on their faces and their day full of 
unforgettable memories. It was a small step to bring smile on their faces that can give a significant motivation for life to those kids.


/*--------------------------------------------------------------------*/

Neta App Launch

22 August 2018

“Neta App” Launch was one of the biggest event that was held in President house at Delhi. The Neta App was launched by Sir Pratham Mittal. 
The motive behind this Neta App was to help citizens with the platform where they can give reviews to various politician in their region and 
rate them on the basis of their work done in particular city or state. 

This app is playing an important role for grading the politicians and know about them. Additionally, it also tracks that citizen giving review 
is authentic or not. In this way it provides us with unbiased results.

The launching of Neta App was done in the presence of former president Shri Pranab Mukherjee. Various other delegates also joined this app 
launching. Chief minister of Delhi Sir Arvind Kejriwal, former chairman of BCCI, Sir Anurag Thakur and many more delegates were present. 
This great event was managed by different organizations at LPU and student organization Creative Beast was one of those organizations 
selected among 200 organizations to be the part of this event management team at President house. We managed whole event starting from 
welcoming the guests to the final wrap of the event. All the necessary resources, planning of event, decoration, food was managed and planned by us.

We were pleased to work in this grand event of app launching and had a good experience there. 


/*---------------------------------------------------------------------*/

106th Indian Science Congress

1 January 2019 to 7 January 2019

Indian Science Congress is the national conference that is held every year in India. The five-day-long event aims to bring together science 
fraternity across the world to discuss scientific innovation and research. It is always held in the month of January. The 106th Indian Science 
Congress was graced by the presence of Honourable Prime Minister of India Shri Narendra Modi. LPU becomes the first private university in 
India to host the Honourable PM. Cabinet Ministers including HRD, Law, IT, Science and Technology visited LPU. Nobel Laureates and scientists 
from all over the world helped the millennials in imbibing the scientific fervour for shaping the emerging research in Science & Technology. 

The focal theme of this event was "FUTURE INDIA: SCIENCE&TECHNOLOGY". It was one of the biggest conferences held at LPU. In this conference 
Student Organization, Creative Beast was also the part in managing this biggest conference of India.

All the decoration part was managed by the Creative Beast Organization. Additionally, food department management was done by us. We contributed 
our part to the biggest conference and gave our 100% contribution in making this National level Conference a successful event. 

The Science Exhibition was one of the major events of the 106th Indian Science Congress. It served as a platform towards inspiring the students, 
academicians and the common man, to appreciate the value of science and to cultivate scientific attitude. Major exhibitors include CSIR, ISRO, 
DAE, ICMR, DST, DRDO, ICAR and more.

We gained very good experience in managing this intellectual Conference and we are happy to be the part of this International Event.

/*--------------------------------------------------------------------------*/

Stewart night

8 August 2019

"Let's make the opening day of college life more wonderful with some new friends to remember the rest of your life." A College fresher's party 
always brings a mesmerizing time of pleasure and unforgettable memories with welcoming new friends in our life.
 
The CREATIVE BEAST organization planned a Freshers party STEWARD NIGHT. To welcome new students to the college, a party is the best choice 
where everyone can enjoy a night with new people having passion, spirits while being free of stress in a far from the home conditions.
 
Steward night was a fresher welcoming celebration for our new students of Boys Hostel-5 & 6 at Lovely Professional University. This party 
lets new students to highlight their singing & rapping, dancing, modeling, and other talents among their new student groups and become 
families quickly with new people and surroundings of the place. 
 
Creative Beast always find satisfaction in everyone's happiness, more if we are the reason behind it. The Creative Beast had tried to 
give students a stage to showcase their skills and make their day full of unforgetable memories between friends to remember till all life. 
A small step to bring a smile on their opening day of college can give them significant confidence to grow with the upcoming days of college life. 

/*-----------------------------------------------------------------------------*/

Hunar

26 August 2018 to 15 September 2018

Real talent shines through regardless of how many others there are around you. 

The CREATIVE BEAST organization planned a Talent Showcase event- HUNAR, where everyone has a chance to prove their talent without being 
bound to any limits as we all know that a person's skill has no boundaries to improve with Hardwork and Determination towards it.

HUNAR is a national level event where we gave a floor for everyone to showcase their skills and grow with it on a competitive stage 
while winning prizes. Hunar Event gives members a step to highlight their singing & rapping, dancing, modeling, poetry, song &story 
writing, skit, beatboxing, drama, and many more different talents on a national level. The Finalist of ROADIES 10 ‘RAMANDEEP KAUR’ and 
Famous Indian Designer ‘SIDDHARTH KAKKAR’ comes as a special guest. In this event, the Vice president of the “Dance Sport Council Of India” 
gave his speech on occasion to build the confidence of participants and be the judge for the competition.

With the slogan, let's helps people develop and improve ourselves meanwhile. The Creative Beast had tried to give everyone a platform to 
showcase their skills and make their day full of unforgetable memories to remember till all life. A small step to bring their hidden talent 
to a stage can give them a meaningful purpose to grow and believe in themselves.

/*------------------------------------------------------------------------------*/

