Bring Your Childhood Back
-------------------------


Childhood, Yes those were the days! Fabulous, Glorious, Glamorous, Marvelous.
Life is a story with different phases and one big phase that is invincible is our Childhood. Without any doubt, childhood is the most enjoyable 
period of life. No one would deny the pleasure of being a child. No one is as innocent as a child and sadly none can ever be a child always but 
we can enjoy the moments by creating a virtual environment of our childhood that could remind us of our childhood.

So to take all of us back to our precious phase of life student organization Creative Beast is coming up with its next mega event “Bring Your 
Childhood Back”. This event will reflect all the childhood memories with lots of fun and joy. Each and everything that describes our childhood 
would be available in this event. Starting from eatables to childhood games to cartoons, every valuable moment of our Childhood life will be there. 
As soon as you will enter the childhood arena, you will feel like you are in a dream that is back to your childhood and seems to be full of memories. 
What not will be available? I guess everything, you will witness the biggest event of the year. 

The student organization Creative Beast has planned something very big for one and all. All the memories will be refreshed as you will witness your 
childhood and will be able to feel and live the moment. The gaming arena will be filled with all the childhood games. There will be all the eatables 
related to our childhood. The next big part of this event is going to be Fair (mela). This is going to be the biggest surprise of this event. 
Creative Beast always works and believes in spreading happiness all around. So get ready to witness and enjoy the next biggest event at Lovely 
Professional University because Creative Beast is all set to organize something big and one of the memorable events of the year 2k20. 




BYCB - Bring your childhood back

Events Detail:  
The event is about relive the moments of our Childhood, as we always miss our childhood, in order to that we have plan for playing all the childhood 
game, where anyone can live the moments of childhood, Our motive is to bring people out of the social and artificial world and enjoy & relive the 
precious and enjoy full moment. It will be a full 3 days event which consists of games, food carnival, performances. We will try to bring every 
possible thing that we have seen in our childhood from food to candies or cartoon that we have watched.



Games introduced from Creative Beast team

SEVEN STONES 
This game is also known as PITHU in hindi, the game requires a light weight tennis ball and a set of seven stones which can be stacked up to form a 
tower.the aim of the game is to be able to break the tower and rebliud it beforegetting hit by one of the opponets. This game is often played with 
3 or 4 players in each team. there will be boundry limitations as well. the time limit for each team will be 5 minutes. 


HUMAN TIC TAC TOE 
This game requires two teams in which there should be 4 members each. It's just the normal TIC TAC TOE we used to play on paper but here players 
will be playing in a team and they’ll themselves be TIC TAC TOE. We’ll draw a large TIC TAC TOE on the ground using tapes and will ask players to play. 
They will be getting three chances.


Musical chairs:
There will be music playing for few seconds and people will be moving in a circular motion and once the music stops, every player have to find a seat 
and person who fails to catch the seat is out.


Heads up:
Out of 2 people one will be holding the paper where name of anything will be written and the opponent will have to act it out and let the one who 
is holding the paper know what actually is written on it.


TILT THE CUP 
 Description -This game can be played individually.
just one have to make pyramid using cups using their mouth.
Rule- using hands is not allowed
Total of 10 seconds will be provided.
There will be 3 to 5 sets of names of anything.


CARROM BOARD 
Description - This game can be played between two persons.
One of the person will be asked to choose one of the colour coins and each one have to goal only their colour coin and the one who will goal 
faster and finish the task would win.
Rule-You are not allowed to goal others colour coin, if done so you will be disqualified.


MARIO,GTA vice city 
#Description - This is a video game that can be played individually..we would only require video console panel.


Rubic cube
A puzzle consisting of a cube with colored faces made of 26 smaller colored blocks attached to a spindle in the center, the object being to rotate 
the blocks until each face of the cube is a single color.


Headphones game
The game headphones limit the players ability to hear what their teammate is saying out loud, and the player has to figure it out to earn the card. 
The player with the most cards wins. The game comes with speech-cancelling electronic game headphones.


Chidiya Udd: 
Chidiya Udd is a quick indoor game played between two or more children of varied age group. The words 'chidiya udd' translates to 'fly away bird.' 
The game is a childhood favorite and can be played by a huge group.


Human Ludo:
Human ludo is a board game for two to four players, in which the players race their four tokens from start to finish according to the rolls of a 
single die, however here token will replace with humans.


Normal Ludo: 
ludo is a board game for two to four players, in which the players race their four tokens from start to finish according to the rolls of a single 
die, Like other cross and circle games.


Chess: 
chess is a board game for two players. It is played in a square board, made of 64 smaller squares, with eight squares on each side. Each player 
starts with sixteen pieces: eight pawns, two knights, two bishops, two rooks, one queen and one king.The player with white pieces always makes 
the first move.


Gully Cricket: 
Gully cricket' is one of those forms of the game which has been developed for those who don't have the facilities and infrastructure to play their, 
but here we will be using net for the playing.


Snakes and Ladders: 
known originally as Moksha Patam, is an ancient Indian board game regarded today as a worldwide classic. It is played between two or more players 
on a gameboard having numbered, gridded squares. The game is a simple race based on sheer luck, and is popular with young children.


Balloon Down: 
Balloon down game is a game in which the player will stand in front of the chair as if they are ready to sit down. When you give the signal the 
player will sits and tries to pop their balloon. They may not use their hands, even to pull themselves down into the chair. If they do so, they 
are eliminated from the game.


Puzzle: 
Puzzle game is a unique gaming genre that focuses on solving puzzles. It tests the player's problem-solving skills that include pattern 
recognition, word completion, sequence solving, and logic.


Throw the ring: 
Throw the ring is a game where rings are tossed around a peg.It is common at carnivals. A variant, sometimes referred to as "ring-a-bottle", 
replaces pegs with bottles, where the thrower may keep the bottle (and its contents) if successful.


Spoon and Lemon: 
The spoon and lemon race is played by walking while balancing a lemon on a spoon which is held by the mouth. It is easy to play a game that is 
coupled with a lot of fun. One has to balance the lemon without dropping it to the finish line just like a race.


Stepo:  
stepo is a game played with several players or alone. It is popular game in which players toss a small object into numbered triangles or a pattern 
of rectangles outlined on the ground and then hop or jump through the spaces to retrieve the object.


Balloon Train: 
Balloon Train is a fun teamwork game. In which each team member have to blow up and tie a large balloon. Standing in a single-file line, place your 
balloon between yourself and the person in front of you. Move close together so the balloons are held in place without the use of your hands. When 
the persons in charge signals, see if you can make it from one side of the yard to other without dropping any balloons. If any balloons pop, the 
train has to start over at the beginning. If any ballons drop to the ground, the team must stop and replace the balloon before the train can move 
forward again.


Cups Hurddle: 
This is an easy group game. You need two teams—the Up team and the Down team. Scatter as many cups as you can around a playing area, with half 
facing up and half down. At "Go," teams race to flip cups over to their designated direction. When you call "Stop," whichever team has the most 
cups pointing their way wins.


Baby Rattle: 
Baby Rattle is a game where you use 2 2- liter bottels taped together at their nozzles with gumballs in the bottom of bottle. Flipping them over, 
you must shake the gumballs from one bottle to another.


Top Up the Cup:  
Grab the top cup with one hand and with the same hand move it to the bottom of the same hand, move it to the bottom of the stack. Then, with the 
other hand, grab the next cup and do the same thing. Continue moving the cups, one at a time with alternating hands, until the cup is once again 
at the bottom of the stack.


Cup Collection: 
A simple game of stacking cups would be far too easy for a show like “Minute to Win It”.In Stack Attack, you'll need to create a perfect tower and 
then restack your cups in a particular fashion to win.


Cup Pyramid:  
Cup Pyramid is a game in which the player have to make pyramid by using cup. Each row of cups will have one less cup than the row below it. In less 
time.


Football in Box:  
Football in box is a game is played by 2 players. The aim of the game is to move the ball into the opponent`s goal by manipulating rods which have 
figures attached. 


Buzz Wire Game: 
Buzz wire game is a steady hand game that is well known to many as a table top amusement. Buzz wire is a challenging and competitive game where 
you are playing the number of touches against time. The player has to get the right balance between speed and skill in order to obtain the successful 
score.


Pen Fighting: 
Pen Fighting is a game in which player choose a pen and begin the fight with one, two or three opponents on the tabletop. Swipe across the screen 
to hit the opponent`s pen and knock it off the table before it does the same to you.  


Fair set-up 
We are going to setup a fair inside the campus in which all the swings would be their.


Food carnival
Whole traditional food + local childhood food stalls
Human would be in Cartoons dress code will rome inside the aena.


Traditional museum with all the traditional things which are disappearing from the society which were famous in previous time.


#Creativity
As all the people are busy  in their college life and social life therfore to give the relaction and get out of thier social life we are organizing 
an event Bring Your Childhood Back which includes some of the entertaing games of childhood to relive those moments. along with it we’ll be calling 
childrens and old pepole  from orphanage and old age home, so that they a can also enjoy these moments